I have chosen Batumi instead of Tbilisi because I thought it would be cheaper to rent an apartment in Batumi

! 12:25:17 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
Makes sense. It's easy, it's very easy to go to Batumi from Turkey.

! 12:25:24 pm - You:
 ah, well, you know you would still need to use the plane and it's not that much different it's not that different.
 Because you still like fly from Istanbul and Turkey is huge in size still. So, So yeah, I... I and so I spend one month in Turkey, then two months in Georgia,
 and the reason why I decided to relocate to Armenia is just because Georgia doesn't give residence permits to Russians because it like there policy that. Well you you can stay here for the whole year and then you do a visarun and so you don't need residence permit so I and I really, really need that because I eventually want to go to Europe. That's my that's my dream.
 So, yeah. And and then So I it was a tough choice because I could have stayed in Georgia and yeah, like work and and work from there and Make a lot of like money for Georgia like by Georgian standards, like Really, really a lot but I decided that no, I better to I better go to Armenia and in the future I like move to Europe. So like Europe is like it's it is better even even despite that it involves relocation and it involves also losses in terms of relative income because everything in Europe is more expensive then compared to Georgia and Armenia but still like, Europe is Europe.

! 12:27:27 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 But the salaries are also higher over there

! 12:27:31 pm - You:
 Ah it looks that, based on my research Poland, for example is not that expensive. It's yeah.

! 12:27:39 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah.

! 12:27:40 pm - You:
Poland like... Warsaw the capital of Poland is comparable to pre-World Moscow. so,

! 12:27:52 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
It makes sense. Yeah, I think. I think, yeah Poland isn't very Very expensive. Czech Republic, I know, is quite an expensive. my friend, she moved to Brno.
 About three years ago. Yes, and she, she is a student there and she chose Brno because it's cheaper than Prague.

! 12:28:27 pm - You:
  as far as, as far as I know


! 12:28:28 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Czech Republic yeah.

! 12:28:34 pm - You:
 Czech Republic is, well, maybe it's more it's more expensive than Poland but not that that Expensive.

! 12:28:43 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah. But anyway, all countries like Germany and Netherlands,

! 12:28:47 pm - You:
 Yeah yeah the Netherlands, it's just crazy.

! 12:28:48 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Oh yeah.

! 12:28:52 pm - You:
And I actually have a friend from from the Netherlands and I speak Dutch at about A two level.

! 12:29:01 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
Wow that's great.

! 12:29:03 pm - You:
 Yeah, and I'm so so sad that now it's basically useless. yeah, like I told you already that I'm basically a language nerd uh

! 12:29:19 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah, I guess so am I actually

! 12:29:20 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
I really love foreign languages like human languages more than programming ones. That's why I'm not a developer and I've never been a developer.

! 12:29:33 pm - You:
 Ah yeah, so you are a PM but uh uh, can you actually code stuff?

! 12:29:43 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
I think, I think, no, I started applied informatics at the university here in one of them and actually, we can be, we had like, we have we had subjects like basics of programming I can I know a little at the theoretical and the very very primitive level C, C sharp, HTML, CSS, little bit JavaScript. so that's that works with not the backend like. JavaScript that works with CSS a little bit not Python but PHP but it's very very barely, very very basics

! 12:30:20 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
It's very, very low level. It's it's there I can... And actually, and as we started with applied informatics and so we had the Department of Software Engineering. And a lot of a lot of people who graduated from

! 12:30:47 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
who, studied software engineering work in an equivalent, worked, in one office, a lot of software engineers and and they, they can really, they can really code.
But I can't and actually Actually coding actually programming has. Always been a challenge for me. Even when I got prepared, even when I prepared for the Unified State exam, Was and I I didn't. I didn't do the tasks oh the these oh these very...
In the university exam, there is a task, I think that I think it might be the last one. and that's the most difficult related, right? To code.
But I never, I never did it. But anyway, I know some basics. Anyway, I've never, I decided I've never been a programmer.
That's quite hard for me and actually important informatics. It's like Oh, it's like system analysis, Business analysis, project management - that's okay.
Well, actually, I I went to a, I went to all this, IT field because I didn't know what to do, what to study, how to school. and actually,
I, I Just prepared a lot for the university exam and during the tenth year and eleven. Once I passed I got a good results like seventy nine points.
For me, this was really good and and that's it. And there the first years at the university,
I didn't really understand what we, what we started, what we started there, what we would, what we would become after graduation.
And also, I started there in our university, The translation course is like an additional program. oh, and I received two like not diplomas but well,
I have so I'm I'm a bachelor in applied informatics and I'm also I'm also a translator and when I took the final exam, Irina, Irina Shmeleva, the head of Now it's Bumblebee office.
But it was the Ivanovo office, she was In the she in the exam. She invited me to the interview after the exam
right that's how I started my my career In it was it started two weeks before the Global Lockdown back in twenty twenty

! 12:34:16 pm - You:
Ah, all right. One second, one second. I need to do one thing. so, I decided to stop the recording and reloaded. So, to make sure that the file is saved and now it's recording the new file because Like maybe we can maybe there will be issues with OBS later. So to just to just be safe.

! 12:35:00 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
Yeah at leat not to lose everything in case

! 12:35:50 pm - You:
Ah yeah ah so you...