I, I have chosen Bottomans instead of Belize because I thought it would be cheaper to Oriental apartment, but to me,

! 12:25:17 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
Innocence. Innocence, it's easy, it's very easy to go over to me from Turkey.

! 12:25:24 pm - You:
 ah, well, we'll know you like you

! 12:25:25 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yes.

! 12:25:27 pm - You:
still need to to use the plane and it's not that much different it's not that different. Because you still like fly from Istanbulent still need to to use the plane and it's not it's not that much different. It's not that different. Because you still, like, fly from istanbulent, turkeys, huge in size, Still. So, So yeah, I I and so I spend one month in Turkey, then two months in Georgia. And the reason why I decided to relocate to Armenia is it's just because Georgia doesn't give residence permits to Russians because it like they're Policies that. Well you you can stay here for the whole year and then you do a visa run and so you don't need residence permit so I and I really, really need that because I eventually want to go to Europe. That's my that's my dream. So, yeah. And and then So I it was a it was a tough choice because I could have stayed in Georgia and yeah, like fork and and work from there and Make a lot of like money for Georgia like by Georgian standards, like Really, really a lot but I decided that no, I better to I better go to Armenia and in the future. I like moved to Europe. So like Europe is like it's it is better even even despite that it involves relocation and it involves also in in terms of relative and come because everything in Europe was I like moved to Europe. So like Europe is like it's it is better even even despite that it involves relocation and it involves also in in terms of relative and come because everything in Europe was more expensive than compared to Georgia and Armenia, but still like, Europe is Europe.

! 12:27:27 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Important Philips anyway, salaries There are also there.

! 12:27:31 pm - You:
 Right. Oh and also uh, based on my research Poland, for example is not that expensive. It's yeah.

! 12:27:39 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah.

! 12:27:40 pm - You:
Paul like Paul like Warsaw the capital of Poland is comparable to pre-World Moscow. so,

! 12:27:52 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
It makes sense. Yeah, I think. I think, yeah. oh yeah, I think you're falling isn't very Very expensive. Chica publicly, you know, is quite an expensive, my friend. As she moved to Bernal. About three years ago. Yes, and she, she is a student there and she chose Bernard because it's cheaper than Prague.

! 12:28:27 pm - You:
 are as far as hard as far as I know

! 12:28:28 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 And cheek Republic is so cheap Republic, Germany. I think, yeah.

! 12:28:34 pm - You:
 check Republic is, well, maybe it's more come. It's more expensive than portal but not that Expensive.

! 12:28:43 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah. But anyway, all countries like

! 12:28:44 pm - You:
 I know.

! 12:28:45 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Germany and Netherlands, the

! 12:28:47 pm - You:
 Yeah.

! 12:28:47 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Netherlands.

! 12:28:47 pm - You:
 later on for the Netherlands, just crazy.

! 12:28:48 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 And oh yeah.

! 12:28:52 pm - You:
Just crazy. from the Netherlands and from the Netherlands and And I actually have a friend from from the Netherlands and I speak Dutch at about 82 level.

! 12:29:01 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Well, while there's great.

! 12:29:03 pm - You:
 Yeah, and I'm so so sad that now. It's basically useless. yeah, like I like I told you already that I'm basically a language north

! 12:29:19 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 Yeah, I guess.

! 12:29:19 pm - You:
 and the

! 12:29:20 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
So. really love foreign languages like languages like human languages more than programming once. Am I actually I really love foreign languages like human languages more than programming once. That's why I'm not a developer and I've never been a developer.

! 12:29:33 pm - You:
 Ah yeah, so you are a PM but Uh, can you actually code stuff?

! 12:29:43 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
I think, I think, no, I started applied informatics at the university here in one of them and actually, we can be, we had like, we have we had subjects like basics of programming I can I you know a little it's the theoretical and the very very primitive level and only see Sharp face. He will see assists a little bit JavaScript. So that's that's works with not the backend like JavaScript that looks

! 12:30:19 pm - You:
 From front, and

! 12:30:20 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
with each simile in CSS little bits. Most poison but PHP, but it's a very, very basic. It's very, very low level. Now it's, it's very I can. And actually, and as we started with flight informatics and we also had the Department of Software Engineering. And a lot of a lot of people who graduated from

! 12:30:45 pm - You:
For the people. For the people, okay?

! 12:30:47 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
who, studied software engineering book here in equivalent, in booked, in one office, a lot of software engineers and and they, they really, they can really close. But I can't actually Actually coding actually programming has. Always been a challenge for me. Even when I got prepared, even when I prepared for the Unified State exam, Was and I, I didn't. I didn't do the tasks the these. These very in the university center, there is a task, but I think it might in my types. It was the last one is the most difficult related, right? Some code. But I never, I never did it. But anyway, I know some basics. Anyway, I've never, I decided I've never been. I will never be a programmer. That's quite hard for me and actually important informatics. It's like Oh, it's like system analysis. Business analysis project manager. That's okay. Well, actually, I I went to a, I went to all this, it feels because I didn't know what to do, what to study, how to school. and actually, I, I Just prepared a lot for the university exam and during the test and you will want. I, Faster. Type. I got a good results like 79 points. For me, this was really good and and that's it. And they and the first years at the university, I didn't really understand what we, what we started, what we started there, what we would, what would be what we would become after graduation. And also, I started there our university, The translation course is like an additional program. oh, and I received to, not diplomas but well, I have so I'm I'm a bachelor in a quiet informatics and I also and I also a translator and when I took the final exam, Irina, you had of Now it's Bumblebee office. When it was his head of and office, she was In the she wasn't that examine. She invited me. Turn interview after. after this examine that's right that's how I started my my career In 80 it was it started two weeks before the Global Workout 220.

! 12:34:16 pm - You:
Ah, all right. One second, one second. I need to do one one thing. so, I decided to stop the recording and reloaded. So, to make sure that the file is saved and now it's a Korean, the new file because Like maybe we can maybe there will be issues with OBS later. So to just to just be safe.

! 12:34:56 pm - Sofya Gruzdeva:
 You know. Oh yeah. So to have at least something not  lose everything in case.

! 12:35:05 pm - You:
 yeah So yeah so you